Are you satisfied with my appearance?
It is said to be sinking fish and falling geese
alluring country
It's not an exaggeration
It's kind of flattering.
Yufei, didn't you hear?
He is a migrant worker
A fake
The one the princess married you to is long dead
What about migrant workers?
Even if I marry a migrant worker
I won't look at you anymore
OK
Ye Yufei, wait for me
Tell you
You are always a member of the Ye family
Your marriage is not up to you
You look down on me now
When you were on your knees begging me
Here we go.
Hmph Xiaojun you
Three years away from home
It turned out that he was hooked up by a fox
Pardon me?
What did I say?
I said you are a fox
seduce others
Husband Xiaoqi opens his mouth
How dare you hit my brother here
Dare to scold my lady
This is what happens.
Husband hit me
Others think you are Miss Ye
I dare not take care of you
Then I'd like to hear how you're going to deal with me